I’m not quite Jesus, I’m more of an apostle. I could never turn water into wine. But I bet I can turn you into mine.
Can I buy you a drink? I’d like to see how good you are at swallowing.
Kiss me if I’m wrong but, the earth is for sure flat.
You must be my lucky charm, because you’re magically delicious!
Where in Asia are you from? I can totally see myself in Ja-Panties!
Flip this coin! Mama’s got a 50/50 chance at getting some tail tonight.
Are you a toaster? Because I am looking for something to take a bath with tonight.
It doesn’t matter to me what you’ve got in your pants. Just as long as you can take what’s in mine!
I’m so jealous of your heart right now, because it’s pounding inside of you and I’m not.
Is that a beaver I see, because GOD DAM!
Are you a construction worker? Because I see a dump truck back there! Cla-Clow!
If you were a room in my house I’d make you the basement. So I could put kids inside you.
Are you from France? Cause MaDAMN you fine!
I’m no cashier but you got a couple things on you I’d like to check out!
If you’re a fruit, you’d be a FINEapple. If you were a vegetable, I’d be your life support.
You want to know why I’m always thinking about you? Because my mom told me to think about my future.
I always thought happiness started with the letter H. But my happiness starts with U.
Are you part phone charger? Cause, I’m dying without you!
Do you like soccer? My favorite player is Ronaldo, but we can get MESSI!
I’d like to take you to the movies, but they don’t allow outside SNACKS.
I’m no waitress, but boy I’ll take your tip.
Can I take your picture? I need it to show Santa what I want for Christmas.
Your body is 60% water, and I’m thirsty as FUCK.
Stop right there or I’m calling the cops! Because you stole my heart.
You’re so hot I just forgot my pickup line.
I don’t subscribe to Netflix but I think we should make our own movie.
Of all four seasons you’re definitely winter, because soon you’ll be coming.
Relationships should be 50/50. You give me your last name and I’ll scream out your first.
Hey boy, I just got some Boba Tea, but I bet it won’t be the last time I get balls in my mouth today.
I got us sushi for dinner, but that won’t be the only thing we do raw tonight.
I had sushi for lunch, it won’t be the last time I go down on something fishy today.
You got no paper and no pencil but still you’re drawing my attention. 
Are you a subway sandwich artist? I’m hoping you can hook me up with a footlong!
Right now you’re looking like my keyboard, because you’re just my type.
You’re magnetic! My zipper is falling for you.
My therapist tells me I’m Type-A, because I’m always on top of things. How’d you like to be one of them?
You look like the scariest haunted house because I’m going to scream so loud when I’m inside you.